SEP-38: relax the requirements for specifying delivery methods (#1087)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0038.md

Name | Type | Description
-----|------|------------
`asset` | string | The [Asset Identification Format](#asset-identification-format) value.
`sell_delivery_methods` | array | (optional) Only for non-Stellar assets. An array of objects describing the methods a client can use to sell/deliver funds to the anchor. The method of delivery may affect the expiration and/or price provided in a [`POST /quote`](#post-quote) response. If the delivery method is not necessary for providing accurate quotes and expirations, the server can omit this attribute.

> `buy_delivery_methods` | array | (optional) Only for non-Stellar assets. An array of objects describing the methods a client can use to buy/retrieve funds from the anchor. The method of delivery may affect the expiration and/or price provided in a [`POST /quote`](#post-quote) response. If the delivery method is not necessary for providing accurate quotes and expirations, the server can omit this attribute.

Reviewer: 💡  I still think it's valuable to require the `/info` endpoint to display all available delivery methods, even if there's only one option.

Author: Hmm thats a good point, it seems there are two reasons why delivery methods should be listed:
- To show what delivery methods are supported / available
- To provide the client with the `name`'s so they can be used in future SEP-38 requests

I think we should keep the current text because the 1st reason can be satisfied in the transaction flow in which the quote is used. For example, I could omit the delivery methods from SEP-38's `GET /info` but I could still display the delivery options in the SEP-24 interactive flow. And both SEP-6 and SEP-31 have a [fields](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/blob/master/ecosystem/sep-0006.md#fields) object in their own `GET /info` responses that could be used to document the possible delivery methods as well.

Reviewer: Could SEP-38 be used independently from the other SEPs? SEP-38 doesn't mention anything about SEPs 6, 24, or 31 and I believe it's better that SEPs contain all the information needed within themselves, rather than rely on other SEPs. WDYT?

Author: > Could SEP-38 be used independently from the other SEPs? 

It could, although if the purpose of SEP-38 is to provide quotes to be used in transactions, and delivery method info isn't needed to calculate quotes, I think listing supported delivery methods should be the responsibility of the application facilitating the transaction.

`sell_amount` | string | Same as the definition of `sell_amount` in `GET /price`.
`buy_amount` | string | The same definition of `buy_amount` in `GET /price`.
`expire_after` | [UTC ISO 8601](https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html) string | (optional) The client's desired `expires_at` date and time for the quote. Anchors should return `400 Bad Request` if the an expiration on or after the requested value cannot be provided.

> `sell_delivery_method` | string | (optional) One of the `name` values specified by the `sell_delivery_methods` array for the associated asset returned from [`GET /info`](#info). Must be provided if the user is delivering an off-chain asset to the anchor unless no methods are specified in the `GET /info` response.
> `buy_delivery_method` | string | (optional) One of the `name` values specified by the `buy_delivery_methods` array for the associated asset returned from [`GET /info`](#info). Must be provided if the user intends to receive an off-chain asset from the anchor unless no methods are specified in the `GET /info` response.

Reviewer: 💡  I believe this could also be omitted if there's only one option:

```suggestion
`sell_delivery_method` | string | (optional) One of the `name` values specified by the `sell_delivery_methods` array for the associated asset returned from [`GET /info`](#info). Must be provided if the user is delivering an off-chain asset to the anchor unless no more than one method is specified in the `GET /info` response.
`buy_delivery_method` | string | (optional) One of the `name` values specified by the `buy_delivery_methods` array for the associated asset returned from [`GET /info`](#info). Must be provided if the user intends to receive an off-chain asset from the anchor unless no more than one method is specified in the `GET /info` response.
```

Author: Thats a good point, if there's only 1 option then the delivery method is implied.
